Easy. boy.
Come on!
Just run!
Move.
You're stubborn as old iron.
He's twice the size of your last rider.
and the field could be
just like this or worse.
so you best get your feet under you.
My father told me you
should never talk to a horse.
He said they're dumber than
dogs and only understand the crop.
But I don't think that's true.
I think a horse doesn't
want to be ordered about
any more than a man does.
Ser Duncan only has us.
And if he loses. he won't even have that.
I can get the weapon in his hand...
Somehow.
But then. it's up to you.
Hyah! Go!
Hyah! Yah!
Not bad.
Ha! Go!
Go. thunder!
Ser Duncan. take it.
Ha! Go. thunder!
Take it quick. ser Duncan.
Go. thunder!
Whoo!
Come on!
Good boy. Good boy. thunder.
Good boy.
You steal that horse?
Tell the truth. We'll be fair.
It's not stealing if you
mean to put it back.
What's wrong with your hair?
What's wrong with your eye?
You're ser Robyn rhysling.
You're the maddest knight
in the seven kingdoms.
We are a vessel for the warrior.
When it is madness bid.
it is madness delivered.
You're small for a squire.
I serve ser Duncan the tall.
He's large enough for the both of us.
- We've not heard of him.
- You will.
Where have you been?
Training.
Don't wander off without telling me.
What are you doing. ser?
- Sewing a patch.
- Is that not my job?
You know how?
Then quit jawing and get the brushes.
Thunder looks like he's been
dragged through a hedge.
What about breakfast?
There's salt beef after you're done.
I'd sooner eat the horse. ser.
You'll eat my fist if you
don't do as you're told.
Never mind that.
Yeah. Yeah. just like that.
Keep it as close to the edge as possible.
And that's your whip stitch.
How'd you get it so even?
Just. like... just practice. Just try again.
- There.
- Yes!
Ser?
Is it odd that I have black
hair growing out of my stones?
It's odd that you're telling me.
Prince baelor was the first born
prince maekar sprang out last
daemon was the bastard.
so they kicked his bastard
grass is green in summer.
green grass I adore
but grass is red all
over when you kill a rebel
horses die in battle
this battle was the front
blackfyre's not a true born.
he came from the wrong
country was in peril. the anvil was a rock
the hammer smashed the
bastard with his giant veiny
host of dornish spear men -it's time.
- Fetch my armor.
- Now?
Aye. now.
Why?
Because I mean to enter the lists.
You don't have your shield.
We'll... yeah. we'll
gather it along the way.
Also. the right of the first challenge
goes to knights of high birth and renown.
Are you a knight of high
birth and renown. ser?
Wait. so I cannot enter the lists today?
Not today. ser. no. Only
knights of high birth and renown.
Then why have I been
vomiting all morning?
It's a mystery.
No. no. no. no. no.
Goose eggs.
Just the eggs.
No. no. no.
Shit. goose eggs. like...
Just the...
Thank you.
Do you like goose eggs?
Your shield will be
ready this evening. ser.
Thank you.
- Ooh. ooh! Ooh!
- Shut up.
Come on!
- Come on! Whoo!
- Whoo!
- Why not?
- Come on!
Come on!
Whoo!
Do you want some hard salt beef?
I'm egg. I can't eat hard salt beef.
I just eat lovely food
and grapes and all the...
Can't even drink a pint of ale.
Yeah. 'cause it's disgusting.
- It's not disgusting.
- Yes. it is disgusting.
- It's disgusting.
Well. then I won't buy you another one.
Good.
I think I could be quite
happy in a place like this.
You're in a place like this.
I meant for a while.
Yeah.
After I lead a great campaign
for my lord. of course.
Of course.
I return a war hero and he gives
me a parcel of land for my very own.
and the hand of his second
most beautiful daughter.
Second most?
Well. you've already
married the first most.
Have you not. ser?
I'd keep horses. plant oats and peas.
- Raise cows.
- And lambs. perhaps.
Fuck your lambs.
Did you really ride all the way here
in the back of some farmer's wagon?
I don't want to talk about it.
I'll say this for you.
You're a good worker
when you put your mind to it.
Think so?
Does that mean I can
stay on as your squire
after the tournament?
If I lose my first joust.
I'll scarcely be a knight
after the tournament.
But if you win?
If I win...
If I win. you can... ser Duncan?
A word. if you please.
Is there an issue with my entry?
No. No. I...
I only wanted to show you a
new fishing spot I'm keen on.
Ser Duncan. I believe
we are both men of honor.
So. I hope you understand that
what I ask serves no private interest.
Might it surprise you to
learn that my lord ashford
has richly overspent on
his daughter's pageant?
It might not.
Well. with winter not so long past.
and many of our flocks collapsed.
hard times lay ahead.
Unless we endeavor
to reverse our fortunes.
I don't have any money. I...
Shocking. that may be.
I mean not to Rob
you. but to reward you.
- Reward me?
- Aye.
What do you know of lord
ashford's youngest. sir and row?
He's a deft Lance.
Indeed. indeed.
But were a challenger to come forth
and unhorse ser
and row. against all odds.
the lucky few who backed
such an unlikely winner
would find their pockets full.
Now. now. rest assured. Rest
assured. I mean no disrespect.
I ask only what you already intend.
Drive your foe from his saddle and
take your place on champion's row.
I do not want a victory
that I have not earned.
Have you not earned it?
Let ser and row take the fall.
and you shall have his horse. arms.
and armor as recompense for your role.
A tidy sum for a young hedge knight
who presently calls an alder tree home.
It's an elm.
Elm.
I beg you. think on it.
I shall seek your answer on the morrow.
Perhaps the rains will hold till then.
Mind your pride. ser Duncan.
Son of meakar. grandson
to king daeron the good
and prince of house Targaryen.
prince aerion bright flame.
Hyah!
Cousin.
Not to worry. I won't
embarrass you today.
Come out. come out. little knight.
It's time you faced the dragon.
Hyah!
Kill him. Kill him!
Aww!
Lance!
Go!
He's too low.
- I want to leave.
- Aye.
That was a terrible sight.
But a squire must be strong.
A mishap may befall me. and I'll
need you to keep your wits if it does.
That was no mishap.
The jousting is done for the day. I think.
Come. lad.
Alice was a special
lass born bereft 'er thumb
lost a digit tending flock.
now feeling awfully glum
Alice with three fingers
a copper in her glass
had two fingers less than most
she'll shove them up your arse. hey!
I once gave her a silver.
feeling down and lone
I tried to buy a pinky. but
I got the whole arm bone
Alice with three fingers never had a lot
she gave me all she had to give
two more than what was sought
two more than what I bought.
Do you suppose there was an Alice. ser?
A crippled girl who shoved
her hand up men's arses?
I think there probably was.
Of course. there probably was.
Do you think her name was really Alice?
No. I just think Alice is a
nice name to write a song to.
That means there was a cripple girl
who was so good at
pleasuring men in their bums
that they saw fit to celebrate her in song.
yet they could not bother
credit her true name?
If there's a lesson in that. it's
for wiser men than me to say.
Perhaps it is a story of honor.
Honor?
A misfortuned girl making
the best of her natural gifts.
One might wish for more.
But is this not the act of a dogged spirit?
Giving more than what is asked?
"The whole arm bone." as it were.
Perhaps her name does not matter. then.
It's her story that abides.
Her name is hope. ser.
Belongs to all who invoke it.
Alice was a special
lass born bereft 'er thumb
she lost a digit tending
flock and now she's awfully...
did you ever know your father. egg?
No. Not really.
Most like I saw mine hanged.
There was a pot shop in flea bottom.
I used to sell them rats and
cats and pigeons for brown.
Cook there always said
my father was some thief.
If he was as big as me. he
wouldn't have made a very good one.
Say your fortune.
Yeah. Go on. then.
You shall know great success
and be richer than a Lannister.
Thank you. Do the boy now.
You shall be king...
And die in a hot fire. and worms
shall feed upon your ashes.
And all who know you
shall rejoice in your dying.
What?
Thank you. that's very good.
Why would she say that?
Why would she say what? Come on.
Ser Duncan!
I saw you earlier with this boy.
Yeah. This boy is my squire.
Egg. this is raymun fossoway.
Good day.
See our show! It's great!
Will you join me in my
tent for a cup of cider?
I could wait at the puppet show. ser.
and bring your shield when
the performance is over.
We make it ourselves.
Very well.
Have you chosen an opponent yet?
I'm not sure.
Who does your cousin
mean to challenge?
If anyone's wounded on the morrow...
I'm sure steffon will be
quick to knock on his shield.
He's about as chivalrous
as a starved weasel.
I suppose ser and row and
I are quite equally matched.
A local favorite. You
mean to play the villain?
I heard aerion were in a
spittin' rage at lord ashford
for giving away his horse.
Little comfort that will be to ser humfrey.
It looked as if he was
going to carry the day.
Now his leg's shattered
like a baking dish.
My squire thinks aerion
meant to kill the horse.
Just hard to accept that a
knight might be so dishonorable...
Let alone a prince.
Why is that hard?
No. I... they're
incestuous aliens. Duncan.
Blood-magickers and tyrants
who've burned our lands.
enslaved our people.
dragged us into their wars
without a mote of respect
for our history or our customs.
Every pale-haired
brat they saddled on us
has been madder than
the last. gods know how.
The only honorable thing a Targaryen
can do for this realm is
finish on his wife's tits.
So aye. I think he meant
to kill the fucking horse.
I got a bit carried away there.
I heard that part about
the tits from steffon.
Excuse me.
Wow.
Aerion. he's all smiles and chivalry
as long as his father's watching.
I saw prince maekar's chair was empty.
He left ashford this morning to
search for the rest of his misbegats.
Misbegats? Which are those?
His heir. daeron. and the youngest.
They departed summer hall
together a few days ago.
but never reached ashford.
There's rumors going
about that the boys are dead.
Though most like daeron.
he's probably just drunk again.
Little wonder maekar's been walking
around like someone pissed in his swan pie.
He's probably just
worried about his sons.
Seven know why.
Daeron's a sot. Aerion's
just vain and cruel.
The third's so useless.
they were gonna ship him off
to a citadel to make a maester of him.
- And the youngest...
- ser! Ser Duncan! You have to come!
- Aerion's hurting her.
- Hurting who?
Stay back!
Hold still!
Hold on!
Why did you throw your
life away for this whore?
She's scarcely worth it.
She's a traitor.
The dragon ought never lose.
Nothing more to say?
You've loosened one of my teeth.
So. we'll start by
breaking out all of yours.
No! Don't touch him!
You stupid boy!
Hold your tongue or they'll hurt you.
- No. they won't.
- Watch out. please.
- Excuse me.
- If they do. they'll answer to my father.
Let go of him!
Wate. yorkel. do as I say.
You impudent little rat.
What's happened to your hair?
I cut it off. brother. I
didn't want to look like you.